

Job Description
 



Consultant Specialist : 0000AUA5
 

Description
 

Role Title:Consultant Specialist

Business: Global Banking & Marketst IT - Equities IT

New or Existing Role:New

Grade: 5

 


Role Purpose / Description

 

1. Candidate(s) are expected to work effectively to collaborate with project management team and/or other development teams across borders, work effectively under pressure. 

2. Interpret business design document if necessary; develop technical specification documents and/or develop system accordingly.

3. Develop Risk FSA(FS2020)application which is an in-house built systems.

4. Coordination work to ensure successful project delivery with good quality.

5. Candidate(s) would be required to work stream(s) independently in a reasonable timeframe in case of project need.

6. Follow HSBC IT engineering standards and practices; and proposal improvement suggestion on project deliveries.

7. Create and maintain technical documentation using defined technical documentation templates.

 

Qualifications
 

1. Candidate should hold a university graduate certificate majored in IT or equivalent experience.




2. 6+ of solid working experience in software design, development and testing, as well as relevant IT development and experience in Java programming.




3. Strong understanding in Core Java and experiences in Open Source technologies includes Spring Frameworks, Maven, Junit, Jenkins, protobuf, guava, etc.




4. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, knowledge on MonogoDB will be a bonus.




5. Knowledge/Experiences on Microservices will be bouns.




6. Strong understanding in software engineering lifecycle and agile methodologies. Experienced on TDD, Scrum Planning, Refactoring practices. 




7. Candidate should be a good team player and has working experience in virtual teaming across borders.




8. With strong communication skills, fluent English is must.




9. Self-motivated and passive thinking; manage working pressure under a dynamic working environment.




10. An adaptable team player, able to work under pressure in a dynamic working environment, fast learner.




11. Proactive, self-motivated, open-minded, reliable and independent.

 

Job Function : Information Technology

Primary Location : Asia Pacific-China-Guangdong-Guangzhou


Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job

Type of Vacancy : Country vacancy

Job Posting Date : 13-Apr-2018, 10:07:38 Unposting Date : 27-Apr-2018, 23:59:00

 
